When you start the activities, they will follow the same order as this lesson.
First, you do a warm-up: Choose a real list: shopping, medication reminders, jobs, appointments or packing.
Then you answer quick checks, so we know the key words make sense.
Next, you practise the real computer skill: Create a bulleted list with at least four items.
Practise Enter for a new bullet.
You may also type a short answer, for example: Type the file type that keeps a layout the same.
At the end, you finish with a stretch or reflection: Use Save As and choose PDF.
Staff may stop before final saving if using a shared device.
Take one activity at a time.
If you need help, ask staff, then try the next step yourself.